As long as you say a word to Mr. Zhang
This won't be difficult
Wen Xu sent me to stir things up
But he can't know
I'm pretending to be Jian Dao
Such a small matter and you need to bother Mr. Zhang?
Can't you handle it?
Please
Send me today's bidding information
That's not my responsibility
Not your responsibility?
Alright
Jian Dao,
don't think just because you're a collaborator
you can stroll around Li Shi
Let me tell you
On your first day of work
you refused a task assigned by your boss
With this work attitude
No matter who your backer is
I will fire you
I've heard
that this newcomer got the job through connections
Turns out it's true
Fire me?
Yes,
if you can get this done today, do it
If you can't do it
Get out of here